Update README.md (#213)
Deltakit/deltakit: README.md

</tr>
</table>

> For more detailed information, check out the [Deltakit documentation](https://deltakit.readthedocs.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more detailed information, check out the [Deltakit documentation](https://deltakit-docs.riverlane.com).
```
